Several young masters
How are you?
Also a dish
I'm here to help you kill Yezhuang
What do you want to do?
Do you know the four major families?
The four major families in Nancheng
Even my uncle
The four major families that the Duan family doesn't take seriously
How can the Duan family compare with the four major families?
The Duan family is a fart
You belong to the four major families, that's right
How do you want to help?
Why are you helping us?
You know Ye Wushuang's identity
Ye Wushuang can shake the entire southern city
Even the world
It is the only one that can make the four major families
People who can't sleep
The chaos of these four families
Who is Ye Wushuang?
I've said enough.
I'm here to help you deal with Ye Wushuang now
I need to borrow something from you.
What's that?
What does secret mean?
I'll let you die
I understand when Wushuang beat you just now
I'm recording a video
Now I just want sparks to kill you all
Put the video out again
So that you can marry Ye Wushuang
It can prove that Ye Wushuang was killed
In this way, Ye Wushuang will die
And I've helped you.